Change logic for Environment::do_profile() (#3064)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/geopmlaunch.1.rst

                      for more information about OpenMP region detection.
--geopm-period  .. _geopm-period option:

                Override the control loop period specified by the Agent.  All
                agents have a default control loop period, and this command
                line option allows users to set a different value in units of
                seconds.  With longer control loop periods, the overhead for
                using GEOPM will be reduced, but more interpolation will be
                required when aligning the sparsely sampled hardware signals
                with the application feedback.  Additionally, agent reaction

>                 time is reduced with longer control loop period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                time is reduced with longer control loop periods.
```

--geopm-program-filter  .. _geopm-program-filter option:

>                         Only enable profiling for processes with
>                         program invocation name or short program
>                         invocation name that matches one of the names
>                         in the comma separated list provided by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        Only enable profiling for processes where their
                        ``program_invocation_name`` or 
                        ``program_invocation_name_short_name`` matches one of the names
                        in the comma separated list provided by
```

>                         option.  This option is especially useful when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        option.  This is especially useful when
```
"option" is ambiguous here.

                        launching a bash script to avoid profiling

>                         bash or other ancilary commands that are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        bash or other ancillary commands that are not
```
